hey ray its platform oh boy youtube com
/ 3 plus 3 bringing you some pretty
awesome halo 4 news here so what you're
looking at is the new halo 4 weapon
called the incineration cannon yes the
incineration cannon it's pretty beast
looking isn't it so what I'm thinking
pretty much it is is the Promethean
equivalent to the rocket launcher or the
fuel rod gun so this is a pretty beast
looking gun I must admit at Sears
confirmation that's actually called
incineration cannon and it's like got
one shot and then you gotta reload so
just show us how powerful that one shot
really is and here's a picture a
screenshot of it actually being fat
being fired and then yes it gets even
better here's the footage of it in game
for the first time so enjoy this first
look of this brand new halo 4 weapon as
I'll let you sit back relax and enjoy
so that's it and hopefully like me you
thought that was pretty awesome as
that's just a really cool done well I
like the idea of it as now there's three
snipers of all different kind of races I
call in Halo 4 and there's also now
three I call heavy weapons or rocket
launchers Calif or so that will be very
interesting as that it's just a tank of
a gun so I hope you enjoyed this has
been platform Boko check out our
previous halo for updates and a reminder
to subscribe to us at youtube.com / 3 +
3 for all the latest halo 4 news and
updates especially here at pax so thanks
for watching once again this is blimp
laughs thanks for watching buck without
you